OCPBUGS-23115:Clarify instructions for builds (#71994)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/builds-strategy-docker-entitled-subman.adoc

[id="builds-strategy-docker-entitled-subman_{context}"]
= Docker builds using Subscription Manager

> Docker strategy builds can use `yum` or `dnf` to install additional Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL) packages.

Reviewer: Saw that we had a placeholder variable for RHEL above?

```suggestion
Docker strategy builds can use `yum` or `dnf` to install additional {op-system-base-full} packages.
```
